***SOPU stands for sport olympiade of President University, is one of the biggest event held by President University Student Union. sopu is handled by a very great committees, which comes from representatives of each major. SOPU itself is created so that the relationship between the students become stronger and to bring the soul of sportsmanship and unyielding of the students.

In 2017, SOPU was held from March 8th until April 7th, which was held in various areas of campus, dormitory, and jababeka. Computing's athletes are very qualified and promising. They contribute excellence in some match , such as badminton, golf, table tennis, swimming and another field as well. 

Here is the detail results of Computing in SOPU 2017:

#GOLD
1. Triathlon
2. Table tennis (double mix)
3. Badminton (single male)
4. Badminton (double male)
5. Golf

#SILVER
1. Tennis (double mix)
2. Tennis (double male)
3. Swimming (single male)
4. Swimming (single male)
5. Table tennis (single male)
6. Table tennis (double male)
7. Badminton (single male)

#BRONZE
1. Futsal (female)
2. Tennis (single male)
3. Swimming (relay)
4. Chess

From those results, Computing was in the third place of general winner. There was a slight degration from last year in total points. 

The last and one of the unforgettable of SOPU was cherledance, with a black and white costume and bold red accent. This year, cheers team led by Evan Nurkholis (IT 2016). They were praised for entertaining all of the audiences in campus basketball courts, as well as all of the judges. 

The peak of the performance was the crayon shinchan and doraemon animation songs that choosen by them as the closing song. All of the audiences were singing along with them. They won "BEST CONCEPT" award in cheerledance category this year. 

So, prepare yourself to defend Computing in SOPU 2018, because Computing is #ReadyToBeTheChampion

Be strong one determination.

***CS GO was an event held by PUMA Computing in purpose of preparation for SOPU and strengthen the bond between computing and the other major. Different from the last year CS GO, for the sport Olympiad the participant was from engineering major and computing major. And for the games Olympiad, the participant was from all majors. There were 4 games (DOTA2, PES, CS:GO, Paladins) and 5 sports (futsal, Table Tennis, Badminton, VolleyBall, Basketball) competitions in this event. 
The event was held from February 13th 2017 – February 22nd 2017. The winners would get the prizepool that has been set by the committee and the certificate. Commonly we picked the first and the second winner from each category, but for some sports we just pick 3 winners due to its massive number of participants. Based on our theme “Unity”, CSGO 2017 tagline was “United We Play United We Win!” Means that with this event we would unite without mentioning differences between each other and win together. Prepare yourself and your team to be the champion for the next interesting competition, CSGO 2018!
UNITED WE PLAY UNITED WE WIN!
